Add PrometheusAgent to Design docs (#5494)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: Documentation/design.md

    webhookConfigs:
    - url: 'http://example.com/'
```

## PrometheusAgent

> The `PrometheusAgent` custom resource definition (CRD) declaratively defines a desired [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus) setup to run in a Kubernetes cluster, but it will necessarily run in [Agent mode](https://prometheus.io/blog/2021/11/16/agent/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PrometheusAgent` custom resource definition (CRD) declaratively defines a desired [Prometheus Agent](https://prometheus.io/blog/2021/11/16/agent/) setup to run in a Kubernetes cluster.
```

> Similar to Prometheus Server and Prometheus Agent binaries, the `PrometheusAgent` and `Prometheus` CRs are also similar, where the agent is heavily optimized for the remote-write use-case. Both the Agent binary and the CR have several configuration options disabled, e.g. alerting, PrometheusRules selectors, remote-read, storage and thanos sidecars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the binaries of Prometheus Server and Prometheus Agent, the `Prometheus` and `PrometheusAgent` CRs are also similar. Inspired in the Agent binary, the Agent CR has several configuration options redacted when compared with regular Prometheus CR, e.g. alerting, PrometheusRules selectors, remote-read, storage and thanos sidecars.
```
